[INLONG-2531][Doc]The Quick Start URL is invalid (#2541)
apache/incubator-inlong: README.md

InLong is only a one-stop data reporting pipeline platform. It cannot be used as a persistent data storage, nor does it support complex business logic processing on data streams.

## Build InLong

> More detailed instructions can be found at [Quick Start](https://inlong.apache.org/docs/next/introduction) section in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed instructions can be found at [Quick Start](https://inlong.apache.org/docs/next/quick_start/how_to_build) section in the documentation.
```
